# CMU 15-462 - Scotty3D

Welcome to Scotty3D! This 3D graphics software implements interactive mesh
editing, realistic path tracing, and dynamic animation. Implementing the
functionality of the program constitutes the majority of the coursework for
15-462/662 Computer Graphics at Carnegie Mellon University.

Further information is available in the User Guide and Developer Manual, both
available on the project wiki accessible via tab at the top of the Github.com UI.

# Version of Yuchen Liu

I know the Scotty3D framework from my one-semester-stay at Carnegie Mellon. Without any doubt, CMU owns one of the best computer graphics courses around the world, and this frame is worthy to learn & test for every CG learners. My first ray-tracer is based on the framework I wrote myself, with only function of output an image generated by ray-tracing. The Scotty3D, however, provides a full solution from model generating to image rendering.

Any questions related to the fulfillment, please contact yuchen9507@gmail.com.

I can't estimate the finishing time now.

# TODO List

A General TODO list is provided below.

## MeshEdit

Function | Status
---------|:------:
VertexBevel |:x:
EdgeBevel   |:x:
FaceBevel   |:x:
EraseVertex |:heavy_check_mark:
EraseEdge   |:heavy_check_mark:
EdgeCollapse|:heavy_check_mark:
FaceCollapse|:white_check_mark:
EdgeFlip    |:heavy_check_mark:
EdgeSplit[T]|:heavy_check_mark:
Triangulate                  |:heavy_check_mark:
Linear Subdivision           |:heavy_check_mark:
Catmull-Clark Subdivision[B] |:heavy_check_mark:
Loop Subdivision[B]          |:heavy_check_mark:
Isotropic Remeshing[T]       |:heavy_check_mark:
Simplification[T]            |:x:

* [T]: Triangle mesh only
* [B]: Mesh without boundary only  